+++
date = 2023-12-14

[taxonomies]
tags = ["entry"]
+++

<!-- more -->

Today, I had my Machine Learning Lab finals, I did pretty good actually. I was asked to write a KNN model and it was pretty simple. I pretty much forgot the classname for KNN in scikit-learn, but I figured it out using some python magic. How exactly? It's a story for another time ig.

After coming back from uni, I had to attend an online test for a skill development program by my uni, it's on digital engineering. I took the test, and it was pretty easy. After which, I spent a few mins playing with the chatGPT mobile application. It was actually nice, I really enjoyed having a conversation, has pretty good speech recognition ngl. I ended up talking to it about some astrophysics + machine learning related stuff.

Also, I've actually decided a few days ago that I wanted to maintain an online journal. So, I wanted to change the site a bit to fit in the journal entries too. Since, I didn't know how to do it (as I'm using a theme right now), I decided to do it after my final labs end. So, since my final labs ended today, I started working on it.

It was pretty fun actually, I never messed around much with zola and it's themes, never went into macros, and stuff like that. But, today, I was trying to look for some docs, so I can add an additional section for entries. I got too lazy to find resources, so I decided to figure it out, by myself.

So, I messed around a bit, trying to understand the exisiting `templates/` directory. After some experimentation, I figured it out and eventually I got a grasp of the templating syntax too. Then, I realised that I can slightly change the exisiting macros and add a few new ones to add the section of entries. I also wanted my individual entry pages to not have titles, and such, for that I had to play around with the code a bit more. 

Then, I finished the entries section and pushed the code.

Tomorrow, I have to make a list of assignments to submit and keep track of finals dates. In addition to that, I wanted to work on a new project, but I'll have to look into it a bit.

That's all, night night!