+++
date = 2023-12-16

[taxonomies]
tags = ["entry"]
+++

<!-- more -->

Today, I finally attend a Devfest. I've heard about them before but never actually attended one. So, today I attended Devfest Bangalore 2023. It was actually pretty good. I went in at around 8:45AM. I was really worried about not getting a parking spot, but lucky me ig, I got a nice one. 

After that, I went to the registration booth to get the Attendee card and some goodies (a t-shirt, a popsocket, and a notebook). Then, me and my friends decided to explore the place a bit. There wasn't much to explore, so we went to the community center. I enter and saw a lot of beanbags, a some booths. 

I wasn't interested in any of them, but I still checked them out. After that, I went to the K1 hall, where there were talks about Gen AI. Actually, it was supposed to be about AI/ML, Webdev, etc.. But, 7 out of 8 talks were about Gen AI and LLMs. It kinda got boring listening to the same stuff again and again, but It wasn't bad. 

But, two talks kinda stood out to me, one in which the speaker showed a small demo game that they made, another about consious algorithms. It was pretty fun. In addition to all this, I got like 3 additional t-shirts and a book for answering questions during the talks. The book seemed interesting, it's called "Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality". I read the first chapter and It's intriguing. 

I also met some cool people during this event. I don't know if I'll talk to them again, but It was nice knowing that I'm not the only one with random information about random stuff. OH and how can I forget, the food. It was super tasty, had lots.

After all this, I had to go back home because I had some work. So, I drove back home, there was a lot of traffic, but I just played some music and enjoyed.

So, ig that's all, night night!